Name: Generic Census Program
Main Language: Perl
Tools: CGI, Apache
Development Environment: Linux

CGI path: /usr/lib/cgi-bin/acme-census
Local storage: /home/raphael/Desktop/apache2/acme-census

Structure of local storage: 
under acme-census dir, there will be a directory for each census. This directory 
will contain the actual census data in YAML format and some more directories for 
future expansion eg a "pictures" directory etc.

The acme-census directory's will be read and the sub-directories will be the name 
of the census data. We'll just allow spaces for the moment. This also means that
you can create the directories manually and see them being present as census data
in the web app.

Features

1. Default Home Page
For first time user, this will include only a "Create Census" button or 
something similar.

After creating the census, all the stuff will be saved into a file locally.
Data in this file needs to be save manually through the web page by clicking 
the save data button or something. This is a local web app though :) It will be
treated like an actual app. This means that you really shouldn't use XAMPP or 
any other one-stop station app to contorl your Apache server. Windows users
might have an issue with this, sorry.

After that, the usr will be shown the same home page, but this time with the 
created census name. Now we will have a list of census data that can be clicked.
After clicking one of the listed census data/link, the user will be brought to
the general details or maybe a summary page of the census. See next feature 
(Feature 2)

2. Census Summary Page
This is where the general details or maybe just the summary of what the cesus 
might contain.
There will be a list/table of data indicating each record.
If there is no record, a message will be shown and a button for adding records
will always be present.

Example: A bakery shop owner might create a census for all the recipes used in 
his bakery. This page will list out each recipe recorded before. There will 
be a button or link for each recipe which will send the suer to the specific 
recipe details page. (See Feature 3)

3. Census Item Details Page
This page contains the specific details of the items after it is clicked in 
the summary page (Feature 2)
There will be some buttons--add details, delete details, edit details and 
save details.
Each line of detail will be in the form of key-value pair format which makes 
perfect sense. 
Notes: All actions will be processed in this single page.
Example: The bakery owner mentioned above wants to add details for his 
pizza. All he needs to do is just click on add details and start typing.
He decides to add the time needed to serve, ingredients, and recommended price.
He will have to add them as three separate fields.

For the first click on the add details button, the baker enters "Time to Serve"
as the key while he enters "50 minutes" as the value.

For the second click, he enters "Ingredients" as the key, while he types in all the ingredients as the value. If the space is not enough, he can resize the 
value field. The value field will be a textarea in order to make this happen.

The same goes for the third click for the recommedned price. 

The edit feature will either allow the user to edit all details in one go or 
maybe just a specific row of detail. The same goes to the delete button.
(To be finalized)

(Image upload will be considered in the future)
(Automatic assignmet of ID will be supported in the future)




